Hello hello friends am this is useful during his
death in what is
influenced his life insurance okay
if disclaimer every effort into a
principle and Ford in 1999 black and
white widow that this movement is going on empty
so that if you see then 630 and 5
7 obstacles famous people generally I don't know
what they are saying but what they are
saying is that
a can benefit a potential can benefit
from wins established in polytechnic if you
go to my previous video you will
see in that if I had shown you
how alleged yaar entire family
investing in the area of ​​unity and
production business okay it is nuclear
production business which is always
left a lot HDFC Life okay so this is
very strong of Newton so it
also has very strange fuel rituals plus right now this
year which is going to be received normally okay this is
also strange for those who perform very well in Sachin's fashion  If the market does not
grow, their clicks will perform very well
this time, okay, so what is he saying
right now
that the combination, student primary
expansion in distribution division,
almost all the good banks have become intact,
this bank IDFC Mutual
Friends, it is okay to avoid bank subscription
and their own agency
bank is okay, it is very helpful, absolutely your
infection,
now if you look at the valuation here,
look at the live modern profit, do 302 or 327 for
straight stitch, okay, write sales, 60, so it is
above this side, okay, everything, but
still the valuation is half, from here on the right hand side, it
is definitely covered, I think
that from here from 508 to this 70, this
gap in the middle, this gap should be back, one should
not keep an eye on it, okay,
in the middle, the stock can have a very strong impact,
rest you will get knowledge, this time you will also get
knowledge, the total there is going to be very
good on that and  Anyway, if you look at it, the hide
is theirs, FiveThirtyEight, even that
never wants that the entire market has gone up,
so here I think you should
talk to your advisor
that okay, just have courage, last stop news
and please keep track of this news, okay, happy
Jhal Chow.